Constellation Dev Docs (blog-1803) (#8855)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/constellation/platform/data-model.md

---
pcx_content_type: concept

> title: Data Model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Data model
```

weight: 10
---

> # Data Model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Data model
```

Our data model is loosely inspired by the [MLflow machine learning lifecycle](https://mlflow.org/docs/latest/concepts.html) and simplified to align with our general Workers' developer experience.

> The three fundamental concepts of our model are Projects, Models, and the Catalog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The three fundamental concepts of our model are projects, models, and the catalog.
```

## Projects

> The Project has a name, a machine-learning runtime, and an Id.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project has a name, a machine-learning runtime, and an ID.
```

> The runtime has to be one of our supported engines; [click here](/constellation/platform/runtimes/) for the complete list. The Id is what binds the project to the Worker Script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The runtime has to be one of our supported engines. Refer to [Constellation Runtimes](/constellation/platform/runtimes/) for the complete list. The ID is what binds the project to the Worker.
```

> The name can only have alphanumeric, minus (-) and underscore (_) characters (```/^[a-zA-Z0-9-_]+$/```) and it helps organize things and is used for certain operations in [Wrangler](/constellation/concepts/wrangler-support/) and the APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name can only have alphanumeric, minus (`-`) and underscore (`_`) characters (`/^[a-zA-Z0-9-_]+$/`). The name helps with organization and is used for certain operations in [Wrangler](/constellation/concepts/wrangler-support/) and the APIs.
```

> The name can only have alphanumeric, minus (`-`) and underscore (`_`) characters (`/^[a-zA-Z0-9-_]+$/`). The name helps with organization and is used for certain operations in [Wrangler](/constellation/concepts/wrangler-support/) and the APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name can only have alphanumeric, minus (`-`) and underscore (`_`) characters (`/^[a-zA-Z0-9-_]+$/`). The name helps with organization and is used for certain operations in Wrangler and the APIs.
```

You can have as many projects as you want under your account.

## Models

> The models are user-uploaded files that are attached to a specific project. The model has a name, a description, and an Id. It needs to be compatible with the machine-learning [runtime](/constellation/platform/runtimes/) defined in the project it belongs to. For instance, you should only upload the model.onnx file to a project configured for ONNX runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The models are user-uploaded files that are attached to a specific project. The model has a name, a description, and an ID. A model needs to be compatible with the [machine-learning runtime](/constellation/platform/runtimes/) defined in the project it belongs to. For example, you should only upload the `model.onnx` file to a project configured for ONNX runtime.
```

> The name can only have alphanumeric, minus (-) and underscore (_) characters (```/^[a-zA-Z0-9-_]+$/```).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name can only have alphanumeric, minus (`-`) and underscore (`_`) characters (`/^[a-zA-Z0-9-_]+$/`).
```

Reviewer 2: SAMEER ABBALRAHMAN AHMAD ABJEISA

Reviewer 2: https://ebayst.net/index/user/register/invite_code/GR4WVZ.html

You can have as many models per project as you want.

If you delete a project, you also delete all its associated models.

> Currently, during the private beta, we only support models that are smaller than 10MiB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, during the private beta, we only support models that are smaller than 10 MiB.
```

## Catalog

> Not everyone will want to train models or browse the Internet for models they didn't test yet and upload them. Cloudflare will maintain a list of verified models that are known to work with the Constellation APIs out of the box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may not want to train models or upload models you have not tested. Cloudflare will maintain a list of verified models that are known to work with the Constellation APIs without extra configuration.
```

For each machine-learning runtime we support, developers can search for ready-to-use permanent models in our catalog and use them for some of the most popular tasks without additional configurations or file uploads.

> Like user-uploaded models, the models in the catalog have a name, an Id, and a description and are associated with a parent catalog project that defines the runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like user-uploaded models, the models in the catalog have a name, an ID, and a description and are associated with a parent catalog project that defines the runtime.
```
